MTM-34850 added docs (#795)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/users-guide/cockpit-bundle/dashboards.md

### To delete a dashboard

To delete a dashboard from an object, click **More...** in the top menu bar and from the context menu select **Delete dashboard**.

### Dashboard availability

> Dashboard availability adds the ability to control which users have access to certain dashboards based on global roles. The functionality is designed to improve dashboard management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> A new section called **Availability** has been added to the edit/create dashboard view. By default, all available global roles are checked, which means that a user with at least one such role will have access to this dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Availability** section, specify which users have access to the dashboard based on global roles. By default, all available global roles are selected, which means that a user with at least one such role has access to the dashboard.
```

<img src="/images/users-guide/cockpit/cockpit-dashboard-availbility.png" name="Dashboard availability"/>

> {{< c8y-admon-important >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
```

> Dashboard will always be visible to its owner or if the user has ADMIN permission for permission type "Inventory".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dashboard are always visible to its owner and to users with ADMIN permission for the permission type "Inventory".
```

> {{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> {{< c8y-admon-info >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> This functionality is based entirely on client-side solutions. If the user has an accurate link to the dashboard, he will still be able to access it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This functionality is entirely based on client-side solutions. If users have an accurate link to the dashboard, they will still be able to access it.
```

Reviewer: is based entirely on client-side solutions > what does that mean?
